Code	TripName	ActivityLevel	Country	Description	DurationDays	PriceMinimum	PriceMaximum
GCA	Grand Canyon Family Rafting Adventure	Moderate	USA	This great family adventure includes rafting the length of the world famous canyon and camping wild for seven nights beside the Colorado River. Meals and equipment included.	8	3080	3112
ITI	Iconic Italy	Leisurely	Italy	Immerse yourself in Italy’s iconic cities of Venice, Florence, Rome and Naples, take a relaxing boat trip on scenic Lake Como and sample the spectacular Amalfi Coast. 12 nights accommodation in 3 star hotels, sightseeing, guided day walks, breakfasts and most dinners included.	13	2320	2320
SFS	Special Family Safari	Leisurely	South Africa	Experience the best that southern Africa has to offer, view the “big 6” and a whole range of other wildlife on reserves in both countries and visit the spectacular Victoria Falls. 6 nights 3 star accommodation, 5 nights serviced camping, all meals included while camping, all breakfasts included.	12	2715	2880
CRM	Costa Rica Multi Activity	Moderate	Costa Rica	High adrenaline, multi activity trip including white water rafting, mountain biking, horse riding, zip lining, snorkeling. 8 nights 3 star hotels, excursions as described and all breakfasts included.	9	1920	1920
FWW	Finland Winter Wonderland	Leisurely - Moderate	Finland	Experience the wonders of Lapland in winter and try your hand at dog sledding, cross country skiing and snowshoeing, relax on a reindeer sleigh ride, take a sauna, look for the Northern Lights. 7 nights accommodation in remote 3 star wilderness lodge, breakfasts and dinners included. Christmas departure includes an audience with Santa and present for guests aged 16 and under. Please note, some activities are unsuitable for young children, please contact us for further details.	8	1680	2040
AYL	Antarctica at Your Leisure	Leisurely	Antarctica	Explore the South Shetland Islands and Antarctic Peninsula and spot amazing wildlife including whales, penguins and seals all at a leisurely pace on a comfortable and friendly cruise ship. All on-board meals, activities and soft drinks included; some excursions included, please see our website for details.	11	6400	17600
VVI	Varied Vietnam	Leisurely	Vietnam	Immerse yourself in this jewel of south east Asia, explore the sights and landscapes at a leisurely pace by bicycle taxi, kayak, boat and train, learn about the history and culture and sample delicious local cuisine and friendly hospitality. 13 nights 3 star hotels, most breakfasts and some evening meals included.	14	1510	1680
MTA	Mt Toubkal Ascent	Challenging	Morocco	Superb trek to the summit of North Africa’s highest mountain on a departure tailored to families with children 13 years and older – includes 5 days challenging walking and 4 nights camping. Sample the sights of historic Marrakech. Remaining accommodation includes home stay and 3 star hotels, all meals on trek and most other meals included.	8	635	800
CFA	Croatia - Family Active Adventure	Moderate	Croatia	A thrilling week of activities based on the delightful Dalmatian coast. The whole family can try white water rafting, canyoning, sea kayaking, wind surfing and cycling. Optional visits to Croatia’s historic sites or time to relax. Activities included, cultural trips optional. 7 nights 3 star hotel, breakfasts and dinners included.	8	1208	1256
OFC	On Foot in Cuba	Leisurely	Cuba	Stroll through some of Cuba’s best natural reserves, explore Old Havana and colonial Trinidad and learn about the local history and culture at a gentle pace. Enjoy the hospitality of traditional guesthouses. 7 nights guest houses, breakfasts included.	8	1085	1167
SSL	Sample Sri Lanka including Maldives Cruise Extension	Moderate	Sri Lanka	Explore exotic Sri Lanka including ancient Buddhist temples and search for wild leopard and elephants; relax, swim and snorkel as we sail among idyllic Maldives’ atolls and remote tropical islands visiting small fishing communities and stunning coral reefs. 7 nights 3 star hotel, 6 nights traditional boat, breakfasts included.	14	3198	3519
WUC	Western USA Contrasts	Moderate	USA	Contrast the stunning landscapes of some of the USA’s greatest national parks: the world famous Grand Canyon, lesser known gorges of Zion and wilderness wonders of Yosemite and Monument Valley with the attractions of San Francisco and Las Vegas, the country’s number one playground. 14 nights 3 star hotels, no meals included.	15	3326	3464
